hey this is Pam dinner thank you so much
for coming to my youtube channel b2b
marketing and more this is the place I
want to help you to become a better b2b
marketer and I share my templates and
know-how that's something that you can
use real-time at the same time I will
share with you in terms of how you can
think strategically so you can climb the
corporate ladder faster okay so today
what I really want to talk about is how
to help your sales team find content I
know a lot of time they will send an
email directly to marketers and say hey
you know what I need to do a sales pitch
to blah blah blah account and I cannot
find any information can you help me you
know I don't know how many email you get
like that when I was supporting sales
team I got tons of emails found myself
seems on regular basis the truth is you
can't minimize that you can't you will
always have sales people that come to
you and ask you for content take it from
a different perspective that they
actually like you and they know that you
are going to help them but getting too
many emails as such can be very
frustrating I totally understand so with
that being said there are several ways
you can minimize this issues number one
make sure that you actually have a sales
content management library number two
take the content to where they are right
attend the sales weekly huddle calls or
meetings number three is to send out
regular newsletters to tell them that
hey what are the new content pieces have
been created number four
map the content to the sales stages so
these are the four things I want to
share with you in terms of what you can
do so let's talk about number one it's
actually kind of important to have a
content management library on the
marketing side especially if you upload
the content to the website you actually
have a content management library that
managing all the content you upload it
to a website right
same analogy apply on the cell size if
you want to support the sales team you
will be great that you also have a sales
centric content management library there
are a lot of tools out there and they
call themselves kind of like the sales
enablement platforms such as high spot
show pad seismic and the more they are
you know Wade a sales centric content
management library of course they have a
whole lot more features than that right
so if there's a Content Manager library
specifically for sales people sales
people know that they need to go there
to access the content and everybody
within the company knows that they have
to upload the sales centric content to
that specific database voila
everybody is happy the thing is you need
to make sure you tag your content by
products by segments by geographies
sometimes by language and there are some
content management library actually have
auto tagging which is great so you
should check out that features when you
are sourcing the sales enablement or
sales Centrex content management library
right and then do the training with your
sales team and train your sales people
to go to the content management library
first before they come to you the second
option is take your content to the sales
meeting find out when your sales people
are meeting a lot of time they have to
have some sort of weekly Huddle's or
bi-weekly monthly Huddle's right so go
to these meetings and the get on the
agenda and talk about what content new
content pieces are completed and also
what are the new content pieces are
currently in the pipeline so make sure
that they are aware of it sometimes you
have to say things multiple times before
that message was stick right if you
think about it for marketing we have to
hit the prospects with six or seven
messages before you know that specific
message you can make an impression so
that same analogy apply to sales people
you have to say it multiple times before
they can remember
and even doing that a lot of time they
don't remember so they still come to you
but again make an effort to go to the
sales meeting number three send out
regular newsletters and I do that often
when I supported my sales team right and
the my newsletter is not like a laundry
list of a hundreds of hundreds of days
of accountant no it's not like that is
usually you know by persona by product
and by verticals and even by so stages
and just identify what are some of the
top five content pieces they should be
aware does that make sense so do that on
regular basis and share through the
regular email I actually read your
multiple sales people told me that they
will save my email into like a folder
and whenever they need content pieces
that before they go to the content
management library they will look at
some of the email I sent out to
determine which content that they should
use for their meetings the last option I
want to share with you an idea is
actually do content mapping is it
possible that you can select some of the
marketing content and map that into a
different sales stages a lot of times
you have to do that by products by
persona by industry by verticals it
really depends on how your salespeople
divide the organizational structure and
you need to somehow map the content
based on how they talk to their
customers that make sense either by
persona by industry and whatever that
makes sense that's another way which is
you map the marketing contents into the
sales stages you need to understand the
sales stages before you do that that's
one of the pre requirement okay so these
are the four things I want to share with
you the number one it's important to
actually have a content I mean sales
content management library that's very
critical and trained your salespeople to
go there first number two take the
content to the sales team attend the
sales meetings and to share that with
them right get them get yourself out
there and to show your face and tell
them that what
ten pieces have been completed number
three send our regular newsletter trust
me a lot of time they don't open right
away
but when the time is right they will
open the email and the fourth mapped
your content to the sale stages and you
know a lot of time I would actually
modify my content a little bit
especially the call to action or the
opening the intro and like a blog post
for example not necessary every single
blog post will apply to it sales stages
sometimes I have to modify the beginning
or the ending and that makes sense for
the sales side does that make sense is
that helpful anyway if you have any
question in terms of how to do any of
this let me know send me a quick email
Pam and Pam dinner calm love to have a
conversation with you alright and again
thank you so much
so much for tuning in to this episode
really appreciate it it means a lot to
me if you like the content please hit
subscribe below and share your thoughts
and comments all right okay so that's it
for today and I hope I will see you next
week